Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
[1200 00 00]
Countdown.
It is a countdown.
No way.
In you go.
Dad, I'm home!
Change your shoes. Quickly.
Go drink some water. You need to do your homework soon.
Go on.
Drink the water.
You're home.
Li Yao.
Take some pictures for me.
I thought you didn't want me to use your camera.
Put those aside first. Here.
Take some pictures for me.
Of anything.
How do I use this? I can't press the button.
Do this. Press here.
- Yeah.
- Like this?
Do it again after every shot.
Press this.
I'll take a picture of you.
Keep taking pictures. Anything will do.
Okay.
Doudou, Mom will take a picture of you.
Not our daughter.
Take pictures of other stuff in our house.
Anything works.
I'm used to digital cameras, I rarely… rarely use a film camera.
I won't bother you anymore.
Just take more pictures.
Let me know once you're finished.
Okay.
Take the entire roll?
Yes.
♫  At the end of time ♫
♫  Spring comes and she leaves again ♫
♫  Why bother stopping again? ♫
♫  At the end of time ♫
♫  Spring comes and she leaves again ♫
♫  Can't tell a lie ♫
♫  The fireworks in the sky ♫
♫  On that night where no one was repenting ♫
♫  Fell slowly ♫
♫  At the end of time ♫
♫  The waves roar in song ♫
♫  Who gave everything they had ♫
♫  At the beginning of the end ♫
♫  You asked me what freedom was ♫
♫  Who lost what they possessed ♫
[Three-Body]
[Episode 3]
[1187]
Wang Miao, I'm finished.
I'm finished.
What's the matter with you?
Your hand is so cold.
Are you feeling ill?
I'm fine.
Let me know if you feel ill.
We'll go to the hospital.
No need.
Don't show up.
Don't show up. No matter what.
Not me, please.
Don't show up.
Nothing.
Just nothing.
Wang Miao, open the door.
What do you think of the pictures?
Pretty good.
It means I'm gifted then.
Tell me, what's the matter with you?
You didn't look right before.
And look at how much you're sweating.
The air-conditioner isn't on.
And the door was closed. It was just the hot air.
I'll be fine after I let in some fresh air. I'm all right.
You can't stay in the darkroom all day long.
Wang Miao, what's the matter with your pictures?
There's numbers on them.
Don't touch that!
What's wrong with you?
You look so uptight.
What, I can't touch it?
I'm studying how the number got on the pictures.
It was printed on the picture, wasn't it?
No, the number was on it when it was developed.
Well, it was on the film then.
Those are real-time numbers.
It's the camera's function.
A basic function of all modern cameras.
What is the image-forming principle?
What makes it photosensitive?
The photosensitive source of the greatest possibility
is an external gamma-ray with strong penetration power.
But it is technologically impossible.
Where is the source of the ray then?
How can it be so precise?
It's right on the film.
All right, then. You take your time researching it.
I'm going to go make dinner.
I'll let you know when it's ready.
Don't close the door again.
- Hello.
- Professor Wu.
Hi, Wang.
I'd like to ask you a question about gamma-ray source.
Not only does it identify backgrounds with precision, but it also does real-time projection.
Are you kidding me?
So you mean… it's impossible.
Yes.
Unless it's paranormal power, or else it's scientifically impossible.
I see.
Thank you.
[Fortune]
Coming!
What's up?
Do you have a camera? Can I borrow it?
Not a digital one, a film camera.
Wait a minute.
As far as I know, you're a photographer.  And you're asking me for a camera?
Is your fancy camera broken?
Well, I only have a digital camera.
That will do, too. Can I borrow it, please?
Wait a minute.
Mr. Wang, you don't look well.
You look really pale.
I took some random pictures. Just delete them.
Thanks.
Easy. Don't overwork yourself.
- Li Yao, help me.
- What?
- Come on. Help me take—
- Let me put this down.
- What?
- Take more pictures for me.
- What's the matter with you?
- Take more pictures with this one.
- What is wrong with you…
- Just do it!
Come on. Shoot anything.
- One more.
- It's enough.
One more.
One more, over there.
Doudou.
- Doudou.  Come here.
- Hey, wait…
- What's up, Daddy?
- Take some pictures for Daddy, please.
Shoot here. Shoot the flowers.
Shoot the door.
Here, the television.
Take a picture of the TV.
There, take one.
The statue, take a picture of that.
- Okay. Wait for me.
- Enough.
I'll grab my camera and we'll do it together, okay?
Wait, Wang Miao.
Wang Miao. I know that you're stressed lately.
But you can talk to me.
I'm just playing a game with her.
It's fine.
Come on, Doudou.
Listen… Take a picture of the bear.
- You…
- One, two, three.
Here, Doudou, let's swap cameras.
We'll take another picture of the bear.
One, two, three.
Do this.
Good. Press the button.
Take more pictures. Still that.
[1187:05:30]
[1187:04:51]
[1187:05:20]
It's me.
I'm the target.
[1187:05:20]
[1187]
[ Wang Miao ]
[1186 09 23]
[1186 09 20]
[1186 09 16]
Hello, Shen.
Go over everything that Yang Dong did before she killed herself.
See if she did anything abnormal, then let me know.
[1186   07  15... 14, 13, 12]
[1186  06  52... 51, 50, 49, 48, 47, 46, 45, 44, 43, 42]
[1186  06  41... 40]
[1186  06  39... 38, 37]
[1186  06  31... 30, 29]
[1186  06  20... 19]
[1186  06  16... 15]
What did you see?
What did you see? Why did you just stop the car?
[1186 06 00... 1186 05 59... 58, 57]
What are you doing?
Open the door!
Open the door! What did you see?
Why did you stop the car all of a sudden?
Open the door!
Roll down the window!
Roll it down! Roll down the window!
What's going on with you?
What did you see? Why did you stop suddenly?
Did you hurt your head?
Come on, get out.
Get out of the car.
I'm asking you. What did you see?
Answer me! What did you see?
Why did you stop the car suddenly?
Answer me!
Answer me! What did you see that made you stop suddenly?
What did you see? Why did you stop the car?
I'm asking you a question! Answer me!
Answer me! Look at me!
[1186 05 0...]
Nothing. I saw nothing.
You saw nothing? Why did you stop the car suddenly?
A car's headlights flashed at me.
What's wrong with me stopping the car?
Where are you going? I'll drive you there.
Are you following me?
- I'm protecting you!
- I don't need your protection.
I'm just a researcher.
I have no money or power.
No one wants to do anything to me.
If your sanity is still with you, just stop following me.
Is there something wrong with your head?
Stop following me.
[1186 04 06... 05, 04]
[1186 03 42... 41, 40, 39, 38]
What's the matter with you?!
What the heck?
What are you doing in the middle of the road?
Hey, you!
Are you out of your mind?
You really have a problem!
Move!
What are you doing?
[You mustn't disobey our Lord's will]
Where did you go?
Where were you?
I wanted to get the camera fixed, but the car broke down.
I'll get it fixed some other day.
What on earth is wrong with you?
My eyes don't feel well.
Then why were you driving?
I'm seeing things.
Let me see.
Look left.
Look right.
Up.
It seems to be okay.
But I'm really seeing things.
Listen, an old classmate of mine, Zhou Nan, is an eye doctor at Tongren Hospital.
Go see him tomorrow.
Have him take a look at you.
Get up and be there early.
So he can see you before work hours.
If I tell you that after I close my eyes, I'm still seeing things,
is it possible that it's not about eyes?
I'm a doctor.
We'll look into all the possibilities.
First, ophthalmology. Then neurology.
We'll eventually find a reason.
Hope so.
I hope so.
Go to sleep.
Where do you think we'll be...
in 49 days?
What?
Still here, no?
The medical term is foreign body sensation.
It's not that.
I'm seeing a clear image.
If it's not supposed to be in your eyes, it's a foreign body then.
Muscae volitantes.
It's a common eye disease that can happen to people our age.
Vitreous opacity.
It's a difficult one to cure.
But it's no big deal.
I'll prescribe you some eyewash and Vitamin D.
Maybe it'll take care of it.
But the probability isn't high.
You mentioned muscae volitantes.
What will the patients see?
It varies from person to person.
Some see small black dots.
Some see tadpole-shaped objects.
What if I say I see a string of numbers?
3.1415926?
I'm not joking.
Seriously, a string of numbers is in the middle of my field of vision.
You are exhausted.
Li Yao talked to me about you at our last classmate reunion party.
She said that you were too stressed at work.
We're not young anymore. We need to take things easy.
You can't afford to hurt your health.
So you mean it's a mental disease?
I would advise others to try the department of psychiatry, but that's unnecessary for you.
You're just exhausted.
Take some days off.
Enjoy a vacation with Li Yao
and your daughter.
By the way, what's her name?
Doudou, right?
Go have fun together.
Trust me.
You'll be fine soon.
It's a countdown like this.
Right in front of my eyes.
The countdown keeps going second by second.
Is it a mental disease?
You want to know how mental stress can affect your eyes?
Last month, I saw a girl about 15-16 years old.
She just couldn't see anything for no reason in the classroom.
Went totally blind.
She had a full examination, but her eyes were completely okay physically.
And then, she received a one month of therapy from the experts in the psychiatry department.
Then all of a sudden, she got her eyesight back.
No other organic disease whatsoever.
It's called muscae volitantes, you know.
Eye floaters, you know.
I'm serious, Zhou Nan.
But the medical records can back me up as well.
Li Yao is a doctor, too.
If you don't believe me, you can ask her.
[National Center for Nanoscience and Technology]
[1173 29 11... 15]
[1173 29 10... 09, 08, 07]
[1173 29 06... 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00]
[1173:29:00 - 1173:28:59... 58, 57, 56, 55]
[Match and sync]
Zhou Nan told me that muscae volitantes is a tricky one to treat.
But it won't cause much trouble in life.
So don't worry about it.
I don't have muscae volitantes.
He told me that what you described simply doesn't exist.
That's exactly why I'm scared.
Why would you be scared of something that doesn't exist?
But it's right in front of my eyes.
It's right there.
Do you mean you are seeing a ghost, Professor Wang?
Li Yao.
What if I told you that aside from humanity, there exists another advanced civilization?
We'll call it the Farmer.
In the eyes of the Farmer, all humans are a bunch of turkeys on the farm.
I'm a turkey scientist.
And you're a turkey doctor.
What would you think of that?
So the advanced civilization enjoys putting a countdown in your eyes, huh?
Is the end of the countdown the Thanksgiving Day of the advanced civilization?
It's a very constructive viewpoint.
But why is it only in my eyes? And you can't see it?
Who are you calling this late?
A feeder on the farm.
Hello, Dr. Shen.
I'm Wang Miao.
I would like to have a chat with you in person.
Hello?
[One message from Shen Yufei]
[No. 9 Shayang Road, Houyu Town. From Shen Yufei]
The model is RX8620.
Our Superconductivity Research Center has one, too.
It costs millions.
I'm here to see Shen Yufei.
She's dealing with something in the study upstairs. That one. You can go look for her.
I talked to experts from various fields.
They all said it was impossible.
But right now, it's right in front of my eyes.
[1150  43  21]
The countdown is on.
Like this one.
Professor Wang, how's the nanoscience project going under your leadership?
The nanoscience project?
Is that relevant?
They are two completely different fields of knowledge.
Stop your research.
What?
What did you say?
Stop?
It is a major national project.
Our research team has spent over a decade on it.
If you're asking me to terminate it, you have to give me a reason right?
Just try it.
Tell me what you know.
This is all that I can tell you.
I can't.
It's not happening.
Try it.
You can't joke about this.
Do you know that we are the one and only research team that does nano experiments in that area?
I know that we've hit a bottleneck at the moment.
I know we can't put it into mass production.
But even if we can't solve the problem, someone else will.
But I won't give up.
I certainly hope that the problem can be solved under my leadership.
Again,
see what happens if you stop it.
I will not accept that I'm a turkey scientist.
Most of the scholars who committed suicide had some connection with the Frontiers of Science.
The Frontiers of Science
is more than a basic-theory academic exchange organization as you proclaim.
Your connection with real life
is way more complicated than I imagined.
♫ It's just a matter of time ♫
♫ Should we say goodbye ♫
♫ Or should we keep it all ♫
♫ It's a beautiful lie ♫
♫ You can make it true if you want to ♫
♫ With the cost of all ♫
♫ Fireworks ♫
♫ You waste it all just to watch me burn ♫
♫ And on and on and on ♫
♫ We can fight it back ♫
♫ Starting with our lives ♫
♫ Or should we keep it all ♫
♫ Still a lie ♫
♫ You can make it true if you want to ♫
♫ With the cost of all ♫
You have such an impression because what the Frontiers of Science is doing
is more fundamental than you imagine.
[1187  27  27]
♫ Fireworks ♫
♫ You waste it all just to watch me burn ♫
♫ And on and on and on ♫
♫ Fireworks ♫
♫ You walk away and watch me burn ♫
♫ And on and on and on ♫
Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
[Three-Body]